fix: continue the Bonitasoft to Ofelia renaming of urls (#81)
bonitasoft/bonita-cloud-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started.adoc

With Bonita Cloud starting a new project has never been easier:

. After receiving all the required technical credentials, xref:{bonitaDocVersion}@bonita:runtime:first-steps-after-setup.adoc[create a Bonita Portal administrator for your AppRuntimes]

> . Download the Bonita Studio in your customer Portal (https://csc.bonitacloud.ofelia.com/apps/CustomerServices[Request a download]).

Reviewer: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
. Download the Bonita Studio from the Customer Service Center ({cscRootUrl}[Request a download]).
```
